#5608 move the Doc of Ambari Integration to official website repository (#389)
apache/dolphinscheduler-website: docs/en-us/1.3.6/user_doc/ambari-integration.md

### Instructions for using the Dolphin Scheduler's Ambari plug-in

#### Note

1. This document is intended for users with a basic understanding of Ambari

> 2. This document is a description of adding the Dolphin Scheduler service to the installed Ambari service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. This document is a description of adding the DolphinScheduler service to the installed Ambari service
```
Please delete the extra space.

3. This document is based on version 2.5.2 of Ambari 

####   Installation preparation

1. Prepare the RPM packages

   - It is generated by executing the command ```mvn -U clean install  -Prpmbuild  -Dmaven.test.skip=true -X``` in the project root directory (In the directory: dolphinscheduler-dist/target/rpm/apache-dolphinscheduler/RPMS/noarch )

2. Create an installation for DS，who have read and write access to the installation directory (/opt/soft)

3. Install with rpm package

   - Manual installation (recommended）：
      - Copy the prepared RPM packages to each node of the cluster.
      - Execute with DS installation user: ```rpm -ivh apache-dolphinscheduler-xxx.noarch.rpm```
      - Mysql-connector-java packaged using the default POM file will not be included.
      - The RPM package was packaged in the project with the installation path of /opt/soft. 
        If you use mysql as the database, you need add it manually.
      
   - Automatic installation with ambari

>       - Each node of the cluster needs to configure the local yum source

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Each node of the cluster needs to be configured the local yum source
```
The passive voice is recommended

      - Copy the prepared RPM packages to each node local yum source

4. Copy plug-in directory

   - copy directory ambari_plugin/common-services/DOLPHIN to ambari-server/resources/common-services/
   - copy directory ambari_plugin/statcks/DOLPHIN to ambari-server/resources/stacks/HDP/2.6/services/--stack version is selected based on the actual situation

5. Initializes the database information

   ```

>    -- Create the database for the Dolphin Scheduler：dolphinscheduler

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   -- Create the database for the DolphinScheduler：dolphinscheduler
```
As above, delete the extra spaces.

   CREATE DATABASE dolphinscheduler DEFAULT CHARACTER SET utf8 DEFAULT COLLATE
   utf8_general_ci;
   
   -- Initialize the user and password for the dolphinscheduler database and assign permissions
   -- Replace the {user} in the SQL statement below with the user of the dolphinscheduler database
   GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON dolphinscheduler.* TO '{user}'@'%' IDENTIFIED BY '{password}';
   GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON dolphinscheduler.* TO '{user}'@'localhost' IDENTIFIED BY
   '{password}';
   flush privileges;
   ```

 

#### Ambari Install Dolphin Scheduler
- **NOTE: You have to install zookeeper first**

> 1. Install  Dolphin Scheduler on ambari web interface

Reviewer: As above, delete the extra spaces.

Reviewer 2: good job, I have made some changes, ^_^

   ![](https://dolphinscheduler.apache.org/img/ambari-plugin/DS2_AMBARI_001.png)

> 2. Select the nodes for the Dolphin Scheduler's Master installation

Reviewer: As above, delete the extra spaces.

   ![](https://dolphinscheduler.apache.org/img/ambari-plugin/DS2_AMBARI_002.png)

> 3. Configure the Dolphin Scheduler's nodes for Worker, Api, Logger, Alert installation

Reviewer: As above, delete the extra spaces.

   ![](https://dolphinscheduler.apache.org/img/ambari-plugin/DS2_AMBARI_003.png)

> 4. Set the installation users of the Dolphin Scheduler service (created in step 1) and the user groups they belong to

Reviewer: As above, delete the extra spaces.
